If you actually go to the last stream,
where I made music on stream, the muted
parts are here where I'm playing the
song I made. Unironically, the song last
stream was good enough to get muted.
Do you think you're better
>> [screaming]
>> off alone?
Actually kind of wild, cuz I'm going to
be honest, didn't sound very good.
But it literally got recognized Better
Off Alone, A Better World by David
Guetta, Play Hard by David Guetta, and a
remix of Play Hard by David Guetta. Not
even the right songs. Like this just
isn't correct. So not only am I so good
that I literally perfectly recreated
Better Off Alone, I also recreated three
other songs that I've never heard of.
I'm so talented. I'm literally David
Guetta.